[libc++] Replace `__compressed_pair` with `[[no_unique_address]]` (#76756)
llvm/llvm-project: libcxx/docs/ReleaseNotes/19.rst

> ===========================================

Reviewer: This can be rebased on top of #78990 once that lands.

   Release notes for previous releases can be found on
   `the Download Page <https://releases.llvm.org/download.html>`_.

Introduction
============

This document contains the release notes for the libc++ C++ Standard Library,
part of the LLVM Compiler Infrastructure, release 18.0.0. Here we describe the
status of libc++ in some detail, including major improvements from the previous
release and new feature work. For the general LLVM release notes, see `the LLVM
documentation <https://llvm.org/docs/ReleaseNotes.html>`_. All LLVM releases may
be downloaded from the `LLVM releases web site <https://llvm.org/releases/>`_.

For more information about libc++, please see the `Libc++ Web Site
<https://libcxx.llvm.org>`_ or the `LLVM Web Site <https://llvm.org>`_.

Note that if you are reading this file from a Git checkout or the
main Libc++ web page, this document applies to the *next* release, not
the current one. To see the release notes for a specific release, please
see the `releases page <https://llvm.org/releases/>`_.

What's New in Libc++ 18.0.0?
==============================

Implemented Papers
------------------

Improvements and New Features
-----------------------------

> - The internal structure ``__compressed_pair`` has been replaced with ``[[no_unique_address]]``, resulting in reduced

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The internal structure of ``__compressed_pair`` has been replaced with ``[[no_unique_address]]``, resulting in reduced
```

  remove the base template. The Standard does not mandate that a base template is provided, and such a base template
  is bound to be incorrect for some types, which could currently cause unexpected behavior while going undetected.
  Note that the ``_LIBCPP_CHAR_TRAITS_REMOVE_BASE_SPECIALIZATION`` macro can be defined in LLVM 18 to eagerly remove
  the specialization and prepare code bases for the unconditional removal in LLVM 19.

- The ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_NARROWING_CONVERSIONS_IN_VARIANT`` macro that changed the behavior for narrowing conversions
  in ``std::variant`` will be removed in LLVM 19.

- The ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_CXX20_REMOVED_ALLOCATOR_MEMBERS`` macro has been deprecated in LLVM 18 and will be removed
  entirely in LLVM 19.

- The ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_CXX17_REMOVED_FEATURES`` and
  ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_CXX20_REMOVED_FEATURES`` macros have been deprecated
  in LLVM 18 and will be removed entirely in LLVM 19.

LLVM 20
~~~~~~~

- The ``LIBCXX_ENABLE_ASSERTIONS`` CMake variable and the ``_LIBCPP_ENABLE_ASSERTIONS`` macro that were used to enable
  the safe mode will be removed.

ABI Affecting Changes
---------------------

> - The internal structure ``__compressed_pair`` has been replaced with ``[[no_unique_address]]``. This change results in

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The internal structure of ``__compressed_pair`` has been replaced with ``[[no_unique_address]]``. This change results in
```

>   empty final types to be placed at the beginning of the object instead of where the beginning of the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  empty final types being placed at the beginning of the object instead of where the beginning of the
```

  ``random_device`` could throw a ``system_error`` with this value. It now
  throws ``ENOMSG``.

> - The internal structure ``__compressed_pair`` has been replaced with ``[[no_unique_address]]``. This change results in

Reviewer: This should be removed since it moved to 20.rst.

  ``random_device`` could throw a ``system_error`` with this value. It now
  throws ``ENOMSG``.

> 

Reviewer: Stray changes?
